Todo
 
fixed - implement renewal date logic  add including year specially date of renewal and update for both pwd.
fixed - seeder for barangay trim spaces
fixed - implement view page for pwd.
fixed - implement delete pwd
fixed - implement table relationship one to many for soloparent page
fixed - implement delete soloparent
fixed - fix soloparent breadcrumb
fixed - implement edit soloparent
fixed - implement add soloparent
fixed - implement edit soloparent
fixed - implement add soloparent
fixed - fix header border bottom color
fixed - implement prompt for detection of renewal pwd/ or just show the next renewal year.
fixed - implement prompt for detection of renewal soloparent
fixed - add multi selection year in edit since the pwd is renewed every 5 years, same for solo parent renewed every year.
fixed - implement index soloparent.
fixed - implement pdf search and filter index.
fixed - implement updating renewal of existing data in the table.
fixed - implement renewal date logic add including year specially date of renewal and update. for both pwd and soloparent.
fixed - fix filter spacing in all pages.
fixed - add isf search date filter
fixed - implement isf with download and search.
fixed - create pwd gender, address , notes.
fixed - bug in field create soloparent create 
fixed - implement bug in edit missing content in fields for soloparent page
fixed - fix bug error create submission error, fixed due to year renew selection done.
fixed - solopareng registration form fix bugs in year creations
fixed - clear fields for soloparents in creation
fixed - fix bug in edit pages and view page   
fixed - fix view and edit last year renewal for application date 
fixed - fix edit show latest year application on edit from year renewal one to many relationship
fixed - clear fields on created solo parent page 
fixed - clear fields on created pwd page done. except year selection not working yet
fixed - bug testing pwd create edit and view 
fixed - bug create address is missing in pwd  
fixed - bug testing pwd create edit and view
fixed - bug testing soloparent create edit and view 
fixed - bug create address is missing in solo parent  
fixed - bug testing soloparent create edit and view
fixed - fix soloparent create index warnings.
fixed - bug in barangay soloparent not updating, create watch method.
fixed - bug in barangay pwd not updating, create watch method.
fixed - fix solo parent yearly renewal
fixed - fix renewal of year, remove bugs in create.
fixed - gender not working.
fixed - address is fixed in view page for soloparent
fixed - soloparent renewal years issue.

QA : test

PWD 
test the PWD create page working without any error.
test the PWD Edit done, no problem with multiple date renewals
test the view PWD done.

Solo Parent
test the SoloParent create page working without any error. 
solo parent edit add new year not updating, 


issue - on create soloparent address ,number of daughters not storing to database, fix in edit , fix in view
wip - bug on delete renewal years , the renewal year is still fixed to the last year updated.
    the deleted is not removed 
wip - fix pwd yearly renewal
wip - backup all pdf data for the family survey.

- fix updating of original table data appliend everytime renewal is done. 
- implement survey form with download and search.
- implement filling up fname, mname and lname with suffixed in fields in all existing datas.
- table show last date applied.
- i forgot the task here maybe tag all todo seeder to run in the application.
- update date uplied whenever a new renewal year is requested and prompted for pwd  use date_applied.
- update date uplied whenever a new renewal year is requested and prompted for soloparents use date of issuance.
- implement page testing pwd all pages.
- implement page testing soloparent all pages.
- possibly create a sort for renew dates for the two.
- fix Luningning M. Ba?as,Longos table data issue in pwd.

wip - soloparent left join with renewals for determination of next renewal year.

wip - on created on entry , cannot reset and recreate a new year must exit and create again.